Add documentation about swap enablement on kubevirtci (#943)
kubevirt/kubevirtci: KUBEVIRTCI_LOCAL_TESTING.md

export KUBEVIRT_DEPLOY_GRAFANA=true
```

#### start cluster with swap enabled

> To enable prometheus, please also export the following variables before running `make cluster-up`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To enable KSM (Kernel Samepage Merging), please also export the following variables before running `make cluster-up`:
```

Author: Done Thanks

Reviewer: Ah sorry, I meant swap obviously :)
